# wordpress
BRIEF:  A potential customer is looking for help in scaling their platform on the cloud. They are a startup ecommerce company in the early stages of their operations.   Currently their architecture uses a Wordpress server with a Woocommerce plugin all running on a small shared development server. They have recently created an ad campaign that is generating a lot of traction and expect a lot of growth in the next few months.   They would like to understand how they could take advantage of the latest cloud technology available and are willing to make large development changes if necessary, but are okay with their current stack. They are not averse to looking at newer containerization technology either. They have a strong development team but don’t have any rigor in place around how they can automate deployments to their infrastructure.  They would like to know the following:  ●How can they scale to meet the demand? ●Get the ability to easily manage and replicate multiple environments based on their blueprint architecture.  ●How they should create a CI / CD setup ●They want to have the ability to recover from any Disasters that may impact their website. ●They want to effectively distribute load ●Improve user experience by reducing latency to their end customers ●A self-healing infrastructure that recovers from failures ●Security of data at rest and in transit ●Securing access to the environment ●Ensure their operations team can monitor the environment OBJECTIVE  Recommend a manageable, secure, scalable, high performance, efficient, elastic, highly available, fault tolerant and recoverable architecture that allows the startup to organically grow.  The architecture should specifically address the requirements/concerns as described above.  DELIVERABLES  A PDF document no greater than three or four pages in length that clearly and succinctly present an analysis of the companies requirements and the proposed architecture diagram. Clearly state all assumptions made during the design and explicitly state the cloud platform used to deploy the new setup.
